c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\bin\Debug\CharacterSheet.exe.config
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\bin\Debug\CharacterSheet.exe
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\bin\Debug\CharacterSheet.pdb
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.g.resources
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.exe
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterSheet.pdb
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterScreen.g.cs
c:\users\hoversquid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterScreen.baml
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterInput.g.cs
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\CharacterInput.baml
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\Selection.g.cs
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\Selection.baml
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Hoversquid\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CharacterSheet\CharacterSheet\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.baml
